## Деталі мітингу

- Понеділок, 19 Січня, 2015 в 19:00 UTC
- GitHub Дискусія: https://github.com/iojs/website/issues/59
- YouTube запис: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U9ftC-Yy98
- Були присутні:
  * Mikeal Rogers [@mikeal](https://github.com/mikeal)
  * Jeremiah Senkpiel [@Fishrock123](https://github.com/Fishrock123)
  * Sean Ouimet [@snostorm](https://github.com/snostorm)
  * Trent Oswald [@therebelrobot](https://github.com/therebelrobot)
  * Zeke Sikelianos [@zeke](https://github.com/zeke)
  * Charlie Robbins [@indexzero](https://github.com/indexzero)

## Порядок денний

### Відповідаєм чи розходимся від io.js в організаційних питаннях

* Управління #81
  * **Ми плануємо прийняти модель управління io.js протягом місяця, і знову повернемось до цього питання, щоб побачити, чи потрібно вносити ще зміни.**
* Ліцензування #1
  * **Ми збираємося прийняти io.js ліцензування**
* Сприяння #69
  * **Ми збираємося прийняти ліберальну модель, що сприяє io.js та DCO**
* Структура команди #19
  * Команда Evangelism #82
   * ** Зараз команда Evangelism буде працювати з дискусіями на github в website репозиторії. Як тільки кілька людей почне вносити зміни на регулярній основі, вони буду об'єднані в Робочу Групу (РГ). Mikeal буде слідити з TC і враховувати їх думки також.**
* IRC #65
 * **Запити на допомогу повинні йти до node.js каналу. Допомога з io.js, включаючи website можуть бути направлені в io.js канал.**
* Політика Закриття/Виправлення #76
 * **For now active contributors should fix conflicts themselves when possible. Hopefully this will happen far less in the future once we are building the pages more dynamically.**
* Helping users properly report "website" Bugs/Issues #55
 * **On all content pages we should link to a way to fix/contribute to that page. It's going to be tricky to figure out where on the main page we should link to website issues without confusing users but we should experiment.**

### Build & Site Improvements
* Pick a build system #22
 * **Trent and Jeremiah are going to begin working on a gulp based build system.**
* i18n #33
 * **Zeke is doing a bunch of research on i18n tooling for npmjs.org so he's going to update the ticket with his findings so we can pick a good tool chain.**
* Downloads
  * Release page (dynamic) #67
  * latest / semver links #80
   * **We need to work with build to find the best way to give us the meta information to update this page every time they build.**
* Blog / announcements (page/section) #68
  * Feed for releases & announcements #79
   * **We will do something markdown based once the build system solidifies a little more.**
* List of supporting host (article/FAQ) #73
 * **Will take under consideration later after more immediate issues are addressed.**

### New issues (as a result from the meeting)
* Social Media #83
* Hosting, build process README #84